Tweaks to docs that I'm finding need to be done while working on a talk for appsec.org.nz con (#1)
purpleteam-labs/purpleteam-doc: definitions.md

| Key                 | Value   
|---------------------|---------
| _Build&nbsp;User_   | The person that: <ul><li>Creates the configuration (_Job_ AKA `buildUserConfig`) for purpleteam</li><li>Creates test specifications if overriding desired</li></ul> 

> | _Emissary/Emissaries_ | Containerised tools that do the _Testers_ bidding, ZapAPI, Nikto, sslyze, etc. The intention is that you will be able to add your own

Author: Actually the plural of `Tester` is `Testers` unless it's possessive.

* For us there is no ownership involved (`Tester's` or `Tester'`)
* Plural showing possession (`Testers'`). For us there is no possession

[Source](https://grammar.yourdictionary.com/punctuation/apostrophe-rules.html)

> | _Emissary/Emissaries_ | Containerised tools that do the _Testers_ bidding, ZapAPI, Nikto, sslyze, etc. The intention is that you will be able to add your own

Reviewer: Hmmm. I still think it should be "Testers' bidding" or "bidding of the Testers". In other cases we do put an apostrophe, for example, 
- He attended law school at his father's bidding.
- The servant grumbled but did his employer's bidding.

[Source](https://idioms.thefreedictionary.com/do+one%27s+bidding)

In any case, I don't think it matters that much, we are not writing a grammar book 😅.

> | _Emissary/Emissaries_ | Containerised tools that do the _Testers_ bidding, ZapAPI, Nikto, sslyze, etc. The intention is that you will be able to add your own

Author: > * He attended law school at his father's bidding.
> * The servant grumbled but did his employer's bidding.

Yes, that's because it's possessive.

| _Job_               | Test job defined by the config `POST`ed to the `purpleteam-orchestrator` `/test` or `/testplan` route. Also referred to as `buildUserConfig`

> | _Outcomes_          | Resources (generally in the form of files) that are generated by _Testers_ and transferred from the _orchestrator_ (or API in the `cloud` environment) to a file path location specified in the CLI config

Reviewer: Consider adding a definition for _Orchestrator_?

Author: Yeah, there are a lot of things we can still add. I'm hoping they'll be picked up in #37

Author: Have added a record for orchestrator.

| _Purple&nbsp;Team_  | Organisation with _Build Users_ that consume _purpleteam_ 
| _purpleteam_        | The CLI component of the purpleteam solution, often just referred to as the CLI in the context of the purpleteam solution
| _SUT_               | System Under Test (your application / API) 

> | _Test&nbsp;Run_     | The back-end process running that the _orchestrator_ is responsible for. This is the combination of the running _orchestrator_ looking after the _Testers_, which are executing the _Job_ and interacting with, and responsible for the _Emissaries_

Reviewer: It is suggested to break long sentences into shorter ones for better comprehension:
https://developers.google.com/tech-writing/one/short-sentences#focus_each_sentence_on_a_single_idea

```suggestion
| _Test&nbsp;Run_     | The back-end process running that the _orchestrator_ is responsible for. This is the combination of the running _orchestrator_ looking after the _Testers_. _Testers_ execute the _Job_ and interact with the _Emissaries_ for which they are responsible
```
Question: _This is the combination of the running orchestrator and...?_

I feel that the info about the _Testers_ can be moved to their definition.

Author: Have moved the part about the Testers to their own definition

| _Job_               | Test job defined by the config `POST`ed to the _orchestrator_ `/test` or `/testplan` route. Also referred to as `buildUserConfig`
| _orchestrator_      | Component responsible for:<ul><li>Actioning the CLI commands</li><li>Receiving, validating, filtering and sanitising the _Job_ from the CLI</li><li>Initiating and coordinating the activities performed by the _Testers_</li><li>Providing real-time _Tester_ progress updates to the CLI</li><li>Compiling _Outcomes_ and transferring them to the CLI</li></ul>
| _Outcomes_          | Resources (generally in the form of files) that are generated by _Testers_ and transferred from the _orchestrator_ (or API in the `cloud` environment) to a file path location specified in the CLI configuration
| _Purple&nbsp;Team_  | Organisation with _Build Users_ that consume _purpleteam_ 
| _purpleteam_        | The CLI component of the purpleteam solution, often just referred to as the CLI in the context of the purpleteam solution
| _SUT_               | System Under Test (your application / API) 

> | _Test&nbsp;Run_     | This is the back-end activity initiated by the CLI that tests the customer's _SUT_. The _orchestrator_ is responsible for coordinating this activity. The _orchestrator_ coordinates the _Testers_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| _Test&nbsp;Run_     | This is the back-end activity initiated by the CLI that tests the customer's _SUT_. The _orchestrator_ is responsible for coordinating this activity and the _Testers_
```

Author: Good idea!
